I, Mu Wanqing, am here today to fulfill the kylin marriage contract
I have the right to repay the kindness of 20 years ago
This is one of the betrothal gifts. Villa cave
I know you like peace and quiet
The life of the wild crane
So these villas were built especially for you
Field mountain forest
Seaside and other areas
The second bride price here is 100 luxury cars
I know you are a monk
Most of them are from their hometown on weekdays.
But having a car is still convenient
These luxury cars are parked in the garage of the villa
You're ready to go.
What the hell do you want to do?
This is the third dowry
The clothes I sewed especially for you
Named Zijin Qingqing Zijin Useful Wuxi
Deal with me today
I came to propose to you with three betrothal gifts
Will you marry me?
That's what I do.
How do you remember?
Your appearance
I've been remembering it since 20 years ago
Will forget
If you have a heart, then you agree.
You have received this betrothal gift
Wedding ring also on
Can't turn it back?
This kid is so handsome
1 billion the value of the bride price
This could be a flash marriage
I went to divide it.
Who allowed you to propose to him?
Quickly annul the marriage
All eight of our families have broken off their marriages
This Mo family father and daughter are still catching up
So poor
That is.
This is a loss of face for our nine families
My engagement
When is it your turn to point fingers?
But you don't know that this marriage cannot be refunded
Can't the unicorn statue be cut?